Welcome to part one or
section one of lesson 2D, as promised
we are going to walk you through
the process of downloading the bootloader
and binaries that you're going to need
in order to use fast boot to flash this
Ubuntu operating system onto your board.
So Randy, lets see what we got here,
want to kind of show you this.
>> All right, let's get started.
So go ahead and head over to 96boards.org,
this is where we will get all
the downloads for the dragon board.
So the first thing we'll wanna do is
click on this blue dragon board 410C.
Then after you get to this page you
wanna look for this downloads tab so
we can get to our downloads.
>> You can imagine it's going
to be a download, right?
[LAUGH]
>> Go ahead and scroll down a little bit,
and we're going to look for
this line right here to go
to the wiki links they have.
This wiki link contains all
the downloads for the fast-boot.
>> Yeah, on this page also,
it's worth it to take a few minutes,
if not more, to kind of search around.
There's lots of very good resources
on this page for you to use.
Supplemental materials.
>> If something doesn't make sense
in like the video or the documents,
you guys can just check out this here.
Should have all the instructions you need.
So go ahead and scroll down, and
we'll click on the flash boot loader
under the board right here,
before the release.
So after you get here you wanna go to this
line right here and then click on this.
This is the boot loader that we'll need
to start up the fast boot install.
>> Yeah there's several files you're
actually gonna download here,
one of them is the boot loader and then
as you can see, so he's downloading it.
A little bit further down there's a few
other files, one of which is going
to be the command line version of a Ubuntu
which Randy's gonna highlight there.
That's the command line version.
>> We need the boot
image right here first.
And then, we're not going to
use the command line version,
instead we're going to use
the graphical version.
So, we'll go ahead and
head down to this note right here.
We'll click on this download.
All right, cool.
>> Awesome.
Yeah so while that downloads maybe
go make yourself a cup of tea.
>> Yeah, that sounds good.
A sandwich.
>> Yeah, sandwich.
We'll be back to show you how to
modify your boot loader and binaries.
I'm sorry, modify your boot loader and
your script in just a little bit.